https://github.com/art049/odmantic odmantic
https://github.com/coleifer/peewee peewee
https://github.com/collerek/ormar ormar
https://github.com/django-nonrel/mongodb-engine django-mongodb-engine
https://github.com/django/django Django
https://github.com/doableware/djongo djongo
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-dsl-py elasticsearch-dsl
https://github.com/encode/orm orm
https://github.com/kiddouk/redisco redisco
https://github.com/masoniteframework/orm masonite-orm
https://github.com/MongoEngine/mongoengine mongoengine
https://github.com/neo4j-contrib/neomodel neomodel
https://github.com/piccolo-orm/piccolo piccolo
https://github.com/ponyorm/pony pony
https://github.com/pudo/dataset dataset
https://github.com/pynamodb/PynamoDB pynamodb
https://github.com/python-gino/gino gino
https://github.com/RobertCraigie/prisma-client-py prisma
https://github.com/roman-right/beanie beanie
https://github.com/Scille/umongo umongo
https://github.com/sdispater/orator orator
https://github.com/sqlalchemy/sqlalchemy SQLAlchemy
https://github.com/tiangolo/sqlmodel sqlmodel
https://github.com/tortoise/tortoise-orm tortoise-orm
https://github.com/web2py/pydal pyDAL
